<h2>Biography</h2>
Hi, My legal name is Jonathan David Allen Moore. I'm a Royal Society of the Arts Fellow, I'm was born in April 24th 1978, a Moore, Chapman, Turner, Vaughn, Bright, Hathaway(Garthwaite), McCulley, Spencer and Lyon and Irish Ashkenazi Jewish. Microsoft System Integrator with valid contract from 2002-present. I took AP English, AP Biology, Trigonometry and 3 years of Latin in High School and graduated. INTJ-T tested by Liz Lamber proctored using the Books 'Please Understand Me' at the University of California, Fullerton , University of Virginia Computer Science Alumni. My mother was on the board of the YWCA and my father worked as a credit manager for Builders First Source. The largest supplier of building materials. He's build millions of homes across America he's retired. With 3.5 GPA Scholar Award. I was UVa's ACM Vice President in 2008-2010. I'm also Windows 7/2008 Internals Certified. Former Macromedia User Group trainer from 1999. Windows Server 2003 was released on my birthday. I left UVa in 2013 after reading the UNIX haters handbook and my professors talking about the future of Windows with Linux. In 2014 I joined Ableton and Cycling '74 and made four ambient albums on bandcamp. I went #1 in the Ireland Charts in 2021 on Reverbnation.

I retired on social security on my fathers and my Microsoft work credits in 2006. I held Microsoft and Adobe shares from 2002-2013. I'm currently a California bond holder, GE, Honda, AT&T shareholder, And working on HPE contract to help Microsoft with their Jedi contract. and gave a financial gift to the University of Washington were I use academic materials. I met the author Steven Pinker and help set up a International Space Station downlink at UVa-Wise. I was given a research position in college in Biology by Chancellor Prior before he passed in 2008. I also received a gift or a MVP Award from Microsoft that same year 2012. I've been on the Cygwin team for 9 years flying high in Capricorn One.

I'm a current member of USENIX. I support Max Weber and the theory of education. I believe society and professional sports are zero sum and there needs to be more positive events in my life. The actress Anne Hathaway has offered to take over my bills and finances if something were to happen to me. Scorpio and Taurus are soulmates. I left the catholic church and am now of the Anglican faith. I took geology and art history in college and enjoy pagan art. But a Charlemenge.

I grew up with Alpha, MIPS, VAX and x86 computer architecture. My first computer was a Tandy TRS-80 with Tandy XENIX in 1984. AT&T System V at Sullins Academy in 1983. I later bought Apple Macintosh Pro's, Hewlett Packard and Dell PC's and servers running OpenVMS, Apple's System, Mac OS X and Windows. I've bought 4 MSDN enterprise subscriptions and have three Microsoft Bizspark grants. I'm still trying to collect my Bizspark Code Center Premium Benefits. I'm trying to finish a Microsoft Shared Source Gold Partner 2002 Contract which is incomplete. I am a Microsoft Windows seat and have paid my lifetime dues to the .NET Foundation.

I've worked for Id Software for Quake 1, 2 and 3 Arena from 1996-1999. I was born with as lisp. I want to bring back Windows Embedded and enhance the windows team experience for everyone. With desktop platform architecture. I've made a market option call for Microsoft shares to fall to $82.00 a share by 2026. if so I'll own 200 shares of Microsoft. I'm using Azure Arc for Windows Server 2012 R2 ESU's until 2026. I want to bring back modular round trip engineering of Windows. I don't like Windows IoT. I want to bring back the target and component designers. I helped Mozilla v. 1.1 and on Red Hat 6.0 and think Linux is and hacker operating system. Microsoft has a nice UNIX corporate ideology. I'm looking forward to when Microsoft can be called a Computer Science company not IT.

I've done work with BSD in 2001 on the Common Desktop Environment for x86. I would like to teach the top down software design approach of Bell Labs Plan 9 to students. I have submitted my Bell Labs distinguished academic scholar application to Nokia Bell Labs awaiting approval in 2026.

My licensed work is in the Computer History Museum for Macromedia. From 1999-2006 I helped Macromedia in Flash and Director Xtras with the XDK in C++ and helped with enhanced CD's including the the 'Princess Diaries' Soundtrack. I own a Macromedia Patent Portfolio. I hold a Macromedia unicolaterial agreement which includes patent licensing. and was on the Flash team in 2000. I helped ship Macromedia Studio 8 and Windows Server 2003 and the Windows 11 Dev Drive. I am a Macromedia Alumni working on Microsoft Alumni. Macromedia had a little trouble out of WCYB which is or was owned by Sinclair broadcast group. My stalking case was expunged in 2002. I also worked on official Windows 8/8.1 PowerPoint Storyboards. I'm also A Windows Compact Embedded Shared Source Initiative Licensee 2000-2023. Future work will be for Mathworks in Matlab. My family lives in NY, California and Virginia.

My net worth is $3 Million and my trust will be signed over to me when my father passes. He's 73. My patents have liquidity and in trust law it is power of advancement at age 30 if I could ever get my father to sign. I've been a victim of housing discrimination in Abingdon, Va, and may need a new car. I worked in the interior during Trump. I kept all my taxes. I was misdiagnosed with schizoaffective in 2001 because of Sony Entertainment extra sensory perception and have a normal contrast MRI my mother said I had a heart murmur as a child. I have a 2016 letter from President Obama and Rich Boucher.

From 2022-2024 I learned how to build Microsoft Windows. NT 3.5, 4.0, XP and Server 2003. I put my Microsoft Bizspark startup or Sphinx Logic Trust Co, or subsidiary on GitHub. edia and Microsoft. In 1998 I had my Nissian Stanza worked on and took my then girlfreind Kara to my uncle Glenn's flower shop which reminds me of Hathaway's 'Valentines day'. on I worked for Macromedia in San Fransisco from 1999-2006 and made alot of film and artist enhanced cd's in cluding the Princess diaries. Where I licenced Macromedia Patents and Macromedia Flash Source Code still in NDA. Made Macromedia Director Xtra's in C++ also, I was diagnosed with scizoaffective in 2001. I made a IRS 1065 Partner intangable return for $1 million. And the Dr. had the ballgasity to ask if I was worth that much and fell for the dr's game theroy 'agree to disagree' when I didn't give him my college grades in 2001 if getting straight A's in college in computer science isn't processing information correctly I don't know what is. I was diagnosed without given a formal MRI which I finally recieved in 2018. Which was normal. It was a MRI with contrast which looks for schizophenia. I was hospitalized agian in 2006 after recieving my Microsoft tender offer from the capital markets. In 2016 the NIH started defunding the DSM V. The latter reminds of Hathaway's 'Rachel Getting Married' in 2008.</p> 

<p>I live in the historic town of Abingdon, Va where the Martha Washington Inn is and the local State Theatre the Barter. Hathaway's 'Bride Wars' reminds me of the likeness of my two college roommates playing xbox. And her 'Passengers' reminds me of the time when I was flirting with hospital staff. Her 'Mother's Instict' reminds me onf my mom and the Shepard's at St. Annes. Pluto and Venus are soulmates if you believe in that. My last hospitalization was in 2021 as a Royal Society of the arts fellow. The officer broke the law by taking me when I cliamed domesitc security which is a NSA policy violation. Russia invaded the Ukranie five days later. The Ukranie War is over Viking Land and President Putan is a INTJ like me also. Which reminds me of Hathaway's movie 'The Last Thing He Wanted'. I am Windows 7 internals certified. <a target="_self" href="https://www.facebook.com/jonathandavidlyonmoore/photos_albums">My Facebook Photo Albums</a> I dont support her after she go married in 2012 because sehe denied her soulmate me. I'm not changing who I am, Anne Hathaway has been a venial sinner since her marriage Meaning denoting a sin that is not regarded as depriving the soul of divine grace. Denying her soulmate (me). The actress is not welcome in the Algelican church were Charles Darwin and me were and are members.
</p>

<p>I currently have a trust and startup documents and contract with Microsoft. I will have to sell shares of both when my father signs. My computer is a fixed asstet with a added value of $12 billion. Via COCOMO II Models. Which is now reflected in my Merril Lynch Net Worth. I've been a Merril Lynch investor for 15 years. I have the revenue and tax returns for a new home I'm just not buying during the current 2021 administration housing bubble. I do quialify for a jumbo housing loan and have paid my bills ontime for 22 years. I order merchdise online. Since my first order in 1996 at CDNOW. Microsoft Windows 2003 Server was released on my birthday.</p>
